hey there are you guys doing today yes I
pretty much have nothing to talk about
my videos ever just a random crap so if
you like random crap I suppose you're in
luck these are shoes hug them feel them
do not kiss them there's also something
that I've been kind of wanting to say
that everybody's thinking but nobody has
said I think that the people that think
that Dane Cook was like wrong about
pointing out vanessi about the whole
pornography close thing are retarded
because that something Dane Cook would
do and if you don't know who Dane Cook
is then you shouldn't be saying that
he's being rude cuz that's just how Dana
is and she had it coming to her so for
those people who think dane cook is
horribly rude for doing that go fuck
yourself my hat is gone I like this hat
but I'm not a cowboy this is the tape
that's never been used oh yeah i'm just
gonna randomly show you my stuff by the
way cuz i had nothing better to do que
pensa i don't use a variety whose cell
phone chargers and neither of them work
a squirrel i used to play with beanie
babies the Taco Bell dubs is free tacos
I ran over the Taco Bell dog I wouldn't
run over the Taco Bell dog people would
be too pissed a drumstick it seems to a
be sliced in half why I am the Prince of
Darkness motherfucker I am yeah I'm
sorry by some black sometimes I'm not
black who course you know I'm not black
I'm very obviously Italian can't you
tell by my facial hair okay you know how
I make all those special effects and
stuff like that with fire or whatever
when I'm about to do is not a special
effect it's the real deal
I'm gonna try that again
and that wasn't even fired ending this
is a laptop really nice does not work
you people should tell me how I should
destroy this I will destroy this and I
will put it on youtube I need opinions
I've found a calculator 5800 8 boobs I
am NOT immature it's funny in between
all these clips I'm actually my room
trying to find things to grab and show
to this camera because I really do not
have any ideas I book I not have yet
returned to the library that ring a bell
it shud here's that penis shaped rock
don't know why we said it was I just
dropped it on the Holy Bible something
stuck to it